Stuart weather app Code review (#1)
StuartCowley/weather-app-6: README.md

> # MCR Codes Weather App

Author: Nice README!

This is my weather app project for [Manchester Codes](https://www.manchestercodes.com) as part of the Frontend module.

## Description

The main purpose of this project is to:

* Learn the fundamentals of the React library.
* Learn how to test components using BDD with the React Testing Library.
* Understand what 'state' is in React.
* Understand what life cycle methods / hooks are in React.

## Features

> Using this weather app, youare able to search for the weather in a given location, if the location doesn't exist then an error will be thrown.

Author: ```suggestion
Using this weather app, you are able to search for the weather in a given location, if the location doesn't exist then an error will be thrown.
```
